T infrastructure
The India Namibia Centre of Excellence in Information Technology (INCEIT) is equipped with state-of-the-art IT infrastructure. It boasts two fully functional training labs with modern facilities including Desktop Computers, Laptops, Printers, Software, Interactive White Board, Video Conferencing, TV, Projection System, Student Feedback response to enhance the learning environment.

PARAM Supercomputer
The Centre is additionally equipped with a CDAC PARAM Supercomputer with High Performance Computing (HPC) Applications. The facility will boost current research on High Performance computing.

Latest Courseware
The INCEIT offers Council approved Certificate Programmes accredited at NQF Level 7, with the latest courseware for the training of Teachers, Students, Government officials and Working Professionals.

Centre Head
The INCEIT has an experienced Centre Head and two Trainers from CDAC seconded for two years for course delivery and centre coordination. The Team of INCEIT also consists of a Namibian Deputy Centre Head, secretary and six Namibian Master Trainers trained in CDAC for the delivery of the programmes.

ABOUT CDAC
Centre for Development of Advanced Computing
Centre for Development of Advanced Computing
The Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) is a scientific society of the Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology (MeitY), Government of India specifically carrying out R&D in IT, Electronics & associated areas. C-DAC has defined the common methodology towards building the concept of a premier R&D organisation and identified opportunities for establishing linkages across disciplines, to create a broad portfolio of technologies under one umbrella. This portfolio envisages a range of technologies such as High Performance Computing including Scientific Modeling and Visualization, Multilingual Computing, Applied Artificial Intelligence and Speech Processing, Software including Multimedia, Graphics and Database Technologies, Power Electronics and Agri-electronics, Embedded Systems and VLSI Design, Health Informatics, Geomatics, Cyber Security, Digital / Broadband and Wireless Networks, e-Governance and ICT for Digital Divide and Education & Training including e-Learning.

ABOUT NUST
The Namibia University of Science and Technology formerly known as the Polytechnic of Namibia, is an institute of tertiary education in the city of Windhoek, Namibia. Established in 1996, NUST is ranked as the best higher education institution in Namibia, since 2002 (PMR Africa) and was awarded most innovative institution / organisation in Namibia (PMR africa 2014 and 2016). The Namibian University of Science and Technology has won numerous local and international awards.

 

Vision: NUST is a premier university of science and technology preparing leaders for the knowledge economy.

 

Mission: NUST is a responsive university creatively meeting the needs of students, society and the economy, through multiple pathways for excellent education, applied research, innovation and service in collaboration with stakeholders.

Welcome to the Faculty of Computing and Informatics
The Faculty of Computing and Informatics offers different specialisations and different exit levels. Our offering includes Bachelor, Bachelor Honours, Master and PhD degrees in various specialisations in Computer Science and Informatics.   We also offer Postgraduate Certificates in specialised fields. We endeavour to keep up with the rapid changes and evolution of technology. We produce high-quality graduates for both the local and international ICT sectors. We are further renowned for innovative projects and research. We have active research clusters and strive to solve national and international problems by using ICT as an enabler to societal digital transformation. We also consider community service as a priority. 

Our research addresses the needs of the country, the region and the world at large. The Faculty focuses on four main research areas: Big Data, Indigenous Knowledge in Digital World, Smart & Secure Environment and Digital Transformation.

We have the following research clusters: Indigenous Knowledge Management Systems (IKMS), Dependable Advanced Network Systems (DANS), Marginalised Community Development (MCD), Smart Communication Systems (SCS), Digital Forensics & Information Security (DFIS), E- Participation (EP) and Business & Policy Analytics (BPA).
Informatics
Postgraduate Certificate in Informatics (Information Systems Auditing)
The Post Graduate Certificate in Informatics (Information Systems Auditing)...

Course Code: 08PGCI Programme Level: Postgraduate Study Mode: Part-timeRead more 
Bachelor of Informatics
The Bachelor of Informatics aims at providing educational opportunities for...

Course Code: 07BAIF Programme Level: Undergraduate Study Mode: Full-time, Part-timeRead more 
Master of Data Science (by Coursework)
Course Code: 09MADS Programme Level: Postgraduate Study Mode: Full-time, Part-timeRead more 
Postgraduate Certificate in Information and Communication Technology Policy and Regulations
The Postgraduate Certificate in Information and Communications Technology Policy and Regulation...

Course Code: 08PCIT Programme Level: Postgraduate Study Mode: Part-timeRead more 
India-Namibia Centre of Excellence in Information Technology
Certificate in Advanced Web Technologies
Course Code: Programme Level: Undergraduate Study Mode: Full-timeRead more 
Computer Science
Bachelor of Computational Sciences (Artificial Intelligence)
Course Code: Programme Level: Undergraduate Study Mode: Full-time, Part-timeRead more 
Software Engineering, Computer Science
Bachelor of Computer Science (Systems Administration, Communication Networks, Software Development)
The Bachelor of Computer Science aims at providing educational opportunities...

Course Code: 07BACS Programme Level: Undergraduate Study Mode: Full-time, Part-timeRead more 
Journalism and Media Technology
Master of Journalism and Media Technology
The Master of Journalism and Media Technology is aimed at equipping students with highly...

Course Code: 09MJMT Programme Level: Postgraduate Study Mode: Full-time, Part-timeRead more 
Bachelor of Journalism and Media Technology Honours
The Bachelor of Journalism and Media Technology Honours is an initial postgraduate Degree,...

Course Code: 08BJOH Programme Level: Postgraduate Study Mode: Part-timeRead more 
Bachelor of Journalism and Media Technology
The Bachelor of Journalism and Media Technology Degree replaced the Bachelor of Journalism and...

Course Code: 07BJMT Programme Level: Undergraduate Study Mode: Full-time, Part-time, Distance

FCI SOCIETY INTRODUCTION
The FCI Society aims to ensure that every student pursuing a career in the field of Computing and Informatics is well informed, to be one of be the best candidate in the ever-growing field of Information and Communication Technology.

The FCI Society also aimed at creating and maintaining a much needed communication between the students and the industry. It will continue to strive for a well-informed group of potential students that are part of FCI and the University at large.

FCI SOCIETY AIMS
To provide multiple platforms for students aimed at educating them on current events in the field of Computing and Informatics.
To provide active involvement of students in Faculty decisions.
To create awareness of the field of Computing and informatics and bring exposure to the learners of High Schools.
BENEFITS OF BEING A FCI SOCIETY MEMBER
First preference to information
Discount on items regarding the society
Involvement in decision making regarding the faculty
Have voting privileges
Eligible to be a member in the management
Exposure to industry
HOW TO SIGN UP FOR MEMBERSHIP:
Complete the registration form
Pay a once off membership fee of N$50.00 subjected to change to the treasurer
Collect your receipt